Communication docs: note that editing Matrix messages causes IRC spam (#79238)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/communication.rst

Matrix chat supports:

* persistence (when you log on, you see all messages since you last logged off)

> * edits (so you can fix your typos - **NOTE** that every edit on Matrix causes the message to be sent again to IRC, so please avoid editing multiple times!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* edits (Lets you fix typos and so on. **NOTE** Each edit you make on Matrix re-sends the message to IRC. Please try to avoid multiple edits!)
```

Reviewer: Hope you don't mind suggestions. Feel free to take or leave. Cheers.

Reviewer 2: +1 to these edits
